---
title: News from pwnlab!
author: alex
date: Sat 8 Nov 19:05:19 CEST 2023
pin: true
categories: [Updates]
tags: []
---

## Updates

Hi dear readers! Here are some updates regarding the website, future projects and what is going on right now at **pwnlab!**. I will use this page to post updates as regularly as I can so make sure you check it once in a while!

- **OSCPath Series**

The idea of this series of posts was to publish them on a weekly basis but I decided to mix it with other projects so this will still be a guide to get your OSCP but not as intended. Anyway, I recently posted [OSCPath Week 8: Tunneling Through Deep Packet Inspection (DPI) and The Metasploit Framework](/posts/oscpath-week-8-tunneling-deep-packet-inspection-metasploit-framework/) so the series keep going!

- **Hacking VMs and CTFs**

Regarding this topic, related to the previous one, I am not hacking VMs right now but I am looking for interesting CTFs and VMs to hack. I am thinking about going further and maybe start making videos or streamings... I'll think about it!

## Future projects

- **Own CTFs and Challenges**

A few weeks ago I decided to start making my own CTF and challenges. As this section is the one drawing more attention from the public, I have decided to put more time and effort on this and bring more material like VMs, challenges, contests...

- **Courses**

Yay! I'm finalizing details on some courses I will publish here for free. [Here](/courses/) you can check the courses I am making. Making courses is not an easy task but I'm not in a rush so you can expect the first course at the end of November.

- **Alex's pwnlab VPS**

Another project I'm working on is setting some VPS for different purposes but I will give more details in the post about each project. I'm pretty excited with the VPS stuff as I think that the projects asre very interesting and even helpful for others, here's what I've come with until now:

- **Setting up my own .onion site** *- yes, I will be in the Dark Net soon!*
- **Setting up a Tor Node**
- **Setting up a hacking target for us and a honeypot**
- **Setting up my own VPN** *- and eventually building my own private VPN network*